what's up everybody this is Betty and
I've got small powerful and
energy-efficient right here it's the
Acer Aspire IX 1200 desktop PC it's a
great solution it's a very powerful
machine it runs on a 48 50 AMD Athlon x2
processor so it's got a pretty good
processor you have three gigabytes of
ddr2 memory and you've got a 320
gigabyte SATA to hard drive it comes
with the super multi DVD player so if
you look here in the front you can
actually see it's the super multi dual
laver
DVD drive you can burn DVD RW s roms
watch movies you also have a 12 in one
media reader it's all here in the front
if you can see let me move this over if
you check out the front here you see we
have all kinds of mean we have firewire
you've got your USB your card readers
your output jack your headphone and
microphone jacks and then four more USB
ports here if you go to the back here
let me show you what we got in the back
you have an expansion slot up here so
you can add anything else you think you
want to add to this machine although you
do come really well equipped with what
comes standard here on the ax 1200 you
can have your modem connected here if
you move down you have all your 5.1
audio capability jacks here you have
your line in your line out another
microphone jack another speaker jack so
you have you have a good amount of
options you can actually hook up a
pretty good sound system to this if you
move down you have your Ethernet port
and then like four more USB ports look
around here you've got one two three
four and then your eSATA cable port and
then your VGA of course you also have
another expansion slot here for any
other kind of cable that you want to
hook up to here you have your HDMI slot
and then your ps2 ports for your
keyboard in your mouse and then of
course your cooling fan and your power
supply let's take a look inside see what
we have
this machine is super compact and you
can even see it in the
inside the computer you have your
optical drive here standing and right
behind it is the hard drive so you
really don't have much more to add on as
far as hard drive space but why would
you want to you have 320 gigs of SATA to
hard drive space you also have your ddr2
memory which are both taken up so that
you have three gigs of ram in this
machine and then of course your heat
sink fan it's all very very compact this
fan is actually quite big so you do get
a very efficient cooling system in such
a compact design then of course up here
you have your expansion slot if you
wanted to add another little mini card
to the machine other than that you have
your power supply unit down here and
with this one central fan it actually
keeps it all cool and then of course the
CPU and PSU air holes on the side one
more thing I wanted to show you before
we're done is the PCI slot up here so
you do have PCI slot capabilities for
your graphics card although I would be
careful what kind of graphics card you
get with this because it is a compact
machine so again if you're looking for
energy efficient compact solutions and
powerful this is it this is the Acer
Aspire ax 1200 powered with an AMD
Athlon processor for more information on
the acer aspire ax 1200 desktop pc type
in a one eight zero one seven nine four
in the search box of any of these fine
retailer websites for computertv i'm
betty
you